hey guys this is how here today in
Minecraft zero point nine point five
we're going to go into the nether
reactor just to show you general 49.5
we're going to go into the another
reactor in my survival world okay so
let's put our difficulty on so some
pigment could stop i have my diamond
armor and my diamond tools ok so i
forgot to cobble stone hi could I let's
get 16 that should be enough ok i want
to put in another space i don't want to
put it beside my house let's see i'll
put over there on that level of sand ok
let's put one two three four let's get a
cobblestone ready
I don't know if I'm doing this right ok
let's see you we're doing this right
okay go together Fox gonna get the box
can you get the box oh but it is not my
thing man see ya hello there what you
supposed to be a peaceful stupid another
strong tree okay let's get playing this
stuff yay just random things so it's the
same as they poured 8.1 nothing changed
yeah definitely nothing changed I want
to put my difficulty off hey anything
left you know let's find a home hey
there it is we'll go to my home and see
what we got when he puts it off
two people let's sleep so what do we
have here okay you got one stack of
glowstone and 14 got 11 mushrooms brown
mushrooms 21 red mushrooms 21 cactuses
22 pumpkin seeds 22 sugar 15 melon seeds
16 what I forgot they're called 60 I
don't know another something yeah and I
guess all that odds that or we got ok
guys so see you next time subscribe I
liked this video bye guys